Introduce traefik.io API Group CRDs (#9765)
traefik/traefik: docs/content/deprecation/features.md

### TLS 1.0 and 1.1

Starting on 2.8 the default TLS options will use the minimum version of TLS 1.2. Of course, it can still be overridden with custom configuration.  

### Kubernetes CRDs API Group "traefik.containo.us"

In v2.10, the Kubernetes CRDs API Group "traefik.containo.us" is deprecated, and its support will end starting with Traefik v3. Please use the API Group "traefik.io" instead.

### Kubernetes CRDs API Version "traefik.io/v1alpha1"

> In v2.10, the Kubernetes CRDs API Version "traefik.io/v1alpha1" will not be supported in Traefik v3 itself.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting with v3, the Kubernetes CRDs API Version "traefik.io/v1alpha1" is not supported.
```

Reviewer 2: We could mention `traefik v3` instead of just `v3`, and we could use backticks(``` ` ```) to put an emphasis on the CRD version (e.g., ``` `containo.us/v1alpha1` ``` instead of ``` "containo.us/v1alpha1" ```). WDYT ?

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The newly introduced Kubernetes CRD API Version `traefik.io/v1alpha1` will subsequently be removed in Traefik v3. The following version will be `traefik.io/v1`.
```
